Once upon a time, in the city of Ostwick, there lived a boy who liked to play with swords.

He was adept at swordplay and practiced with the other street urchins.

He's outstanding, so his neighbor always stares at him while he practices.

One day, the boy noticed his neighbor watching, so he went over to talk to him.

The neighbor boy's father was a knight who had fled battle, so his entire family was forbidden from wielding any weapon. This made him jealous of the other boys in the street.

Our boy in Ostwick was more than happy to speak with his neighbor. 

He explained that he was trained by a master swordsman and that he wants to be the best fighter in the realm.

The neighbor told him a tournament will be held in Brieland, and the winner will be given a knight's sword. 

He's really interested in it, but is concerned with attending since Brieland is Ostwick's rival city.

Seeing an opportunity, the neighbor boy offered to go with him.

In agreement to keep secret their home city so that they would not be barred attendance, the two boys began their journey south the next morning.

During their journey, they stumbled upon a demon with seven heads.

The demon asked where they are going.

Unlike the other people who ran away, they answered, "We are going to the tournament in Brieland!"

"That is quite the challenge you've set for yourselves. It shows a certain... pride," the demon said, a smile spreading across its face.

The boys looked at each other, confused by the demon's demeanor.

"You are both young," the demon continued. "There are sure to be older and stronger fighters at the tournament. Perhaps you would like something to give you an advantage over them?"

The boys began to be anxious, realizing that the demon was right. How could they hope to win? "You would help us?" they asked.

"It would be a simple thing to aid your contest. But I require something in return..."

The boys looked at each other once more. "What's that?"

"My time in this mortal realm is short; I am weak. I seek a host in order to remain."

"No!" they shouted in unison.

"Consider the alternatives... and opportunities. The one who carries me will win the tournament, gain fame and fortune. You won't even notice my presence as you bask in the glories of victory. Think of it all! Riches, notoriety, women and men both throwing themselves at your feet and into your bed; you will want for nothing!"

The neighbor boy's chest began to swell with pride as he imagined himself endowed with all the treasures the demon promised.

"All right I will accept, on the condition that if I am ever to lose you will leave me and return to your own world, demon." Without barely a moment for his friend to object, the demon disappeared and the boy felt a new unholy strength and unmatched confidence rise in him.

After making a deal with the demon, the boys continue their path to the tournament.

"How far is Brieland from here?" asked the neighbor boy.

"It is two more days' walk from here," replied the boy from Ostwick.

Walking through the forest in the dark was not easy. 

The boys were hungry and needed rest after dealing with the demon, so they started looking for a town. 

After wandering around a few hours, a light led them out of the forest.

On arriving at the town, they were perplexed at the large amount of people -- far more than it seemed the town could hold, innumerable stalls for food, banners, and other decorations until they realized they had found Brieland! The forest path had been a shortcut.

The tournament was two days' hence, so the boys practiced together with their meagre equipment. Though one boy had more training than the other, the neighbor soundly defeated him every time. It seemed the demon was true to its word. The real test of the tournament lie ahead.

On the fateful day, the boys registered for the grand melee and prepared themselves to fight. Though both young, they each outshone their opponents, defeating them one-by-one. One relied on his training, while the other on the supernatural powers bestowed by the demon. Eventually, they were left with only each other to fight. Their battle ebbed and swelled like the tide, with each coming close to defeat, only to recover, several times. After nearly half an hour, a minor hesitation by the neighbor boy proved to be his undoing, allowing his opponent to come within his guard and knock him to the ground.

The neighbor boy had lost. At that very moment, he felt the strength and confidence instilled by the demon flow out of him.

The victorious boy extended his hand to his neighbor to help him up as he said, "Never trust a demon," and gave his new friend a sympathetic but encouraging clap on the back.


The end.
